Replace k/security with k/committee-security-response (#29693)
kubernetes/website: content/en/releases/release-managers.md

### Security Embargo Policy

> Some information about releases is subject to embargo and we have defined policy about how those embargos are set. Please refer [Security Embargo Policy](https://github.com/kubernetes/committee-security-response/blob/master/private-distributors-list.md#embargo-policy) here for more information.

Reviewer: A few nits:
- plural for embargo is embargoes according to [merriam-webster](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/embargo)
- word usage
```suggestion
Some information about releases is subject to embargo and we have defined policy about how those embargoes are set. Please refer to the [Security Embargo Policy](https://github.com/kubernetes/committee-security-response/blob/master/private-distributors-list.md#embargo-policy) for more information.
```

> Some information about releases is subject to embargo and we have defined policy about how those embargoes are set. Please refer to the [Security Embargo Policy](https://github.com/kubernetes/committee-security-response/blob/master/private-distributors-list.md#embargo-policy) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some information about releases is subject to embargo and we have defined policy about how those embargoes are set. Please refer to the [Security Embargo Policy](https://github.com/kubernetes/committee-security-response/blob/main/private-distributors-list.md#embargo-policy) for more information.
```

default branch has now been renamed 👍
